Transcription of: jet.mp3
==================================================

 you you do c Yeah. Yo. Hi, V. Hi, thanks for thanks for doing this. Yeah, yeah. Basically, I'm just trying to, I'm trying to do a project. The end goal is to have like the service where people can have mentors and basketball. I'm just trying to learn about the real problems that like people are going through. So right before this, I interviewed Jacob actually. And I'm trying to interview some different people on our team and outside of our team. So overall, I just wanted to start off with a few questions. How long the first question is how long have you been playing basketball for? I started at the very. I started playing like a you at the very end of seventh, but I started saying it seriously. The in the spring of eighth grade. So I guess like three years. And you're really good. Thank you. Thank you. And like how many times a week. Do you practice or train? That's including school practice. I try and I try and get at least seven or five. So either like I'm skipping two days. If I can't or if I can't do anything I try and only skip like two or one day. But I try and go every day of the week. And. How does your like you do the of a long commute to school? So how does that affected? Um, but like how long is your commute to school for stuff? Um, without traffic, probably like an hour or so, but like with traffic, it can like probably get up to like an hour and a half. And I guess like the main problem with that is. It's just kind of taking time away or. From me being able to either train or like. Get stuff done like homework so I can then go train. Um, yeah. And like overall with basketball. Is your goal? Do you just love the game? Do you have a goal of being like getting on varsity being a starter playing college? Would you have like a goal in mind? Um, I've actually been like they met it recently, but. I know when I first started, I've I wanted to like. You're beyond like a varsity team. Like as over the years I've grown. I've kind of wanted to I want to like know what that like. Like experience of playing college basketball is. So like currently. I'm trying to like figure out. But my goals are right now. And it sounds like you're pretty motivated like out of 10. What do you think your motivation is to improve in basketball? My motivation to improve for basketball is like. Like I guess one thing I'm motivates me is like. Kind of just. Seeing how I'm how much I've like grown over. The years I think it's just like I feel like I could really. And I like it. I got yeah, how much I've grown over the years and how much like. I really love basketball. I feel like. Just the amount of joy I get from it. It could really like. Take me into college. And. I know the thing about basketball kind of like for me. It's like a stress reliever. So that's like another thing. It's like. Whenever I'm stressed I can. Kind of just. Not necessarily zone out but really lock in for basketball. It really just makes everything feel better. So I guess the motivation is just seeing. How much I've grown and seen how much I can grow. And then it's definitely in the future. Definitely for me. I definitely see it as like. Something outside of everything else. If that makes sense school. Yeah, everything else. Yeah. And some other like. So I know you deal with like you're talking about your schedule. Having like a lot of homework, especially at UHS. And do you think you've experienced any other problems? Maybe things like confidence in games or skill plateaus where you feel like. I'm proving even though you think you're working hard. Have you experienced anything like that? Yeah, definitely. Like in games. Like me as a person. I think I'm kind of hard on myself a lot. So. Like losing confidence. It's like we're like missing a Sean game. It used to be a really like confidence killer. And like. I'd always garrily down on myself. And I just make the game like not enjoyable. And it's just like. Since. Since I've kind of started to grow out of that like. Knowing that. Even if I do miss like. It's going to be okay. Yeah. I think that's very like. Yeah. I don't know if it's just me, but I feel like you've gotten even more confident this season. I don't know. Just feels like you've gotten a little more aggressive. Yeah, I've been trying to. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I guess. On the topic of like goals. That's what I've been trying to work at. Just being more confident like. Trusting that like. Even if I do miss like. Always. I'm always like. Blessed having another opportunity. Like. Just being in the moment. I think that's really like. Yeah. Yeah. Like can you walk me through a specific game where you've. I felt like you held back. You shouldn't have. Um. I think I do have one of my. I think. Probably. Specifically for this season. Our game versus. Reardon. I think. We like we beat them. I could be well. But it's like. I was like. I wasn't being. Like I felt like. I just wasn't being aggressive enough. And. When I did have the chance in. Like I missed. I was like. I got really down on myself. And I was like. I was just kind of like. I don't get like. What I wasn't. Like I wasn't sure. Like why. I'm not like. Like doing this or doing that. Like. I felt like I wasn't helping the team as much as I wanted to. Like. I don't know. I was like. And like. In those moments. Um. Do you try to be more aggressive or is it more like how does it affect you after? Do you think about it? And. Do you feel like you could have dealt with it differently? Yeah, definitely like after the games. Like. Always try to reflect on like. Like what happened? Like how I feel like. How the game went. And I try to come back like stronger. Like every single time. Um, but for in the game moments when. I'm my confidence is down. I'm just trying to take a breather and like. Just like just remembering. Like it's going to be okay. Like there's. Going to be more opportunities in this game. And even if you don't like. It gives energy to those opportunities. There's going to be more games where you'll be able to. You know, take your time. It's really about like being patient for me. So. Do you feel like. You played different in practice versus in games? Yeah, I mean sometimes I feel like it's kind of like an environment thing. Like. When I'm playing like against my friends like in our team. It's like. It's just kind of a different vibe. And. When I'm playing against like. If people I don't know like. At first it could be maybe nerve racking, but. I think a part of the growth is just kind of getting over that. And a little bit switching here like could you walk me through a typical day. Where you. Whether you do have time to train or not. Could you just walk me through that? Yeah, usually in the morning I like do a little bit of stretching. Kind of like just get some the blood flowing. And then I'll probably. Eat food. And then I guess depending like I guess for over the break. Maybe around like after eat or around like 10 or 11. And then I'll go to the gym with my dad. And. Well probably lift first. And then go to the court. And like. Really at the core. I try and. Do some of the basketball homework I get from my coach outside of UHS. But if the courts are full, I probably do some ball handling on the sideline. Or play some pickup. And then I go ahead home. Eat some food. And then. Usually in the afternoon my parents like to have like some plans. So. If I do some family activity or all. Take some time to like watch some film, film studies on our games. on like one of like the players as studies. And you mentioned your coach. That kind of leads me to the next question about have you ever had like a mentor in basketball or like what's like advice that someone has given you? Something like advice. I mean, I haven't like, I guess, yeah, I guess my coach outside of basketball, it's like every Sunday I go to training and it's like a little like one hour session. And usually I'll have like a sometimes I'll have chat with them. And before the season started, I was talking to him and he was telling me like, for being a small guard, it's not necessarily about scoring as much but rather, it's about making the right plays. And I think like him saying that really maybe like really like think I was like making the right plays and like think about what does making the right plays really look like in a game. So is this like, is he like a, do you like talk with him while you train or is it, is that just because you started the season like do you often ask for advice from him? Like, I think so like not too often but usually it's like a little bit after the training ends because then I'll have like another session after but also ask my like dad to message him as well on his like maybe through like messages because he like, allows his players to like message him that they need help or advice. So like, I have message him before but like I guess the one that's sticked out the most to me was at the beginning of the season. And then like about what I'm building or thinking of building, do you think talking with someone about what you're going through, you can be completely honest, do you, would it be helpful like a college guy or someone who played at a high level? Yeah, it was so much. Sorry, if so, like what would you think would be most helpful talking about skills, confidence, or schedule or anything else? Yeah, I definitely think talking to Sony is like gone through the long journey is very helpful for like a young player. I think specifically for like I guess mentally like because I mean basketball is like it's a lot like it's like it can be stressful, it can be joyful, it can be it has a lot of emotions like packed into it and I think having a mentor in basketball can be really helpful if you're you know talking about it with someone. For sure. So do you think anyone else on the team right now I'm thinking of interviewing Daniel next? Yeah, yeah. Do you think anyone else on the team or anyone you know that I also might know would that has struggled with this stuff or been through similar experiences? I think you could you could talk to um, Dravy players maybe I don't know yeah maybe to talk to Mike or like because I know he's been playing basketball for a really long time so I think it'd be interesting to see like kind of what he'd answer to your questions and maybe also like mm-hmm trying to think of like maybe someone like uh but have you already uh interviews like Matthew? No I was going to interview um I was going to interview some other fresh and players I was thinking about specifically who only Jacob so far. Yeah maybe like I think Matthew would be an interesting person to talk to because just from stuff like I've observed about him like off the court I think it'd be interesting to see yeah I think you definitely probably has been through a lot of even based off just like who's ticked talks and yeah okay well that's about it thank you this is a lot of information I'll see you to bring to yeah I see thank you for being yeah I'm gonna