Transcription of: leo.mp3
==================================================

 Yo, what's up? So like basically I'm like so here's my ideas what this is like I'm just trying to interview and think more about like what players are going through because My idea is basically to have the service where I'm connecting like players and mentors or coaches So like they could be like experience players or like coaches like coach Bill and things like that To like help them like for me. Jackie has been someone like that for me. But yeah So I'm just gonna ask different questions about your basketball experience at first and then we'll go from there First off how long have you been playing basketball for? I mean I'm a pint since like Like elementary school, but actually like started playing like club and like a third Oh Start like taking it seriously and yeah, cool cool. So How many days a week do you practice or train? I guess that includes games as well with our team Like six days a week and then like I'll go to the Y sometimes or like After school, after practice or like Do Jackie in the morning really do yeah, yeah, yeah And with all this work you're putting in do you have like a specific goal in mind? High school starter do you want to be like varsity by this year or do you just love playing basketball? I like playing basketball. I just want to get better. I want to be like Play at a high level and I Eventually want to let you be able to dunk and just just pre-profession at the game and like have better knowledge So how much like on a scale of one to ten What do you think your motivation for those goals is right now? I'd say like eight or nine. Yeah and Coming in coming to this year I've talked to a simple erasm the team and they had like coming in with certain expectations even before trouts And do you think like and how have your expectations changed and how have you been like affected by those expectations? Yeah, yeah Um, I don't know I kind of had the expectation that I was gonna be like a sort of a JV player, but I was sort of It's definitely different at UHS like I think it's a lot more competitive competitive and If a much higher talent Yeah, like honestly, I completely feel you like I thought I'd be JV sophomore year guaranteed last year after I got went on for us and then Yeah, it really is a lot more competitive. I mean even our team would probably be you know most of the JV teams in the city So yeah, I see where you're coming from there and like when you did get put on fresh how did that affect you and also like Do you feel like that changed affected your confidence in anywhere specifically? Um Not really I was kind of Focusing and going on for us Kind of killed a do feel like I've still you develop my skills, but um I don't know. I mean, I think it definitely like kind of Kind of loads my confidence, but I'm also playing with Some kids who are like a lot better than me, so I think Um, I just In what sense you're saying like the kids on our team Yeah, yeah, they're definitely yeah, there definitely is a lot of talent on our team Yeah, um, and I've also noticed like I know that like sometimes I'll talk or like other people will be talking But like more specifically, I noticed that like you sometimes get mad at yourself and I'm not trying to like I'm gonna say I'm like you and do you feel like Like what's going on your head when you when you're like beating yourself out about those mistakes? Can you just talk? I don't know I just like I don't know what my teammates down like for sure with myself not like doing the things I want to be doing And yeah, I just get mad at myself because like make a bad pass or make a bad play or not do thing that um Yeah, do you think like you have like a Do you think you sometimes are Fear of making those mistakes causes you to make them or do Uh, definitely a factor, but yeah, obviously you can't control it. I try to ignore it sometimes But yeah, it's like factor and then um Do you think like things teammates say having effect on your confidence or they get in your head ever? um Kind of I would say like I try not what effect me, but it definitely happens sometimes like I'll mess up and someone will say something and I'll just like get like, oh shit. Yeah but yeah, and Also with like playing time do you think that sometimes you don't know why you're not playing or Or you feel like no, I get why I'm not playing. I get why I will play and I think the coaches are doing their best their ability to play they want to play and they also have They have a system that works right now with The whatever death lineup and that has just been very successful and I would say Being in this role as like a center has like changed my ability But in what sense were you playing like a guard? I was playing like a small forward Hmm, but even that if I was playing a small forward doesn't like matter not I don't know they just have a system that works. I'm not part of that Hmm So Okay, so talk a little bit more like specifically Um, can you tell me like the can you walk me through the last time you got frustrated with yourself um during a game Do you remember any uh during a game? I'll just be like little stuff for like I'll be in the paint and like It'll be Henry or Jacob or we're the point card is the Passing the paint. I've like funneled ball or like okay, it tangled up and then You're like result result in an eternal from now be like oh shit and then like Me like let me down my teammates. I'll get frustrated with myself. Okay, and then Yeah, and like when that happens Do I know you get frustrated with yourself, but after that do you tend to try harder? Do you slow down or do like What does that do? I'll try harder, but at the same time I can't lose the treasure but I also just kind of getting down myself as well. I see And in terms of like have you ever had any Solutions or anything that's helped you would whether it be a teammate or a mentor or yourself like what have you done to combat? Uh, I think Sully has been a great Uh hope with that just like How do you met next shot mentality and giving yourself a little more grace not being as far as hard on yourself like as much as you want to like Uh do everything perfect you're gonna make mistakes Yeah, that's really good and So do you feel like comfortable talking to Sully? Is that something you've done you've talked to him about yeah, yeah, okay and Have you ever talked with any of the other coaches or do you feel like like I feel like I can talk to Sully because He almost feels like in between a coach and like a player if that makes sense He feels more my level because like he knows like him. He's a little bit more of my age level and then Whereas like Tim is like Tim is Tim. He's not like super Knowledge of a funny guy and then bills more of like a Old school baller. He's still has ball knowledge, but He's not on that same level. So I feel like Sully's like just right there raised kind of more Is later so like if Going more into the solution that I'm thinking about if you were to be Two ideas first if you're gonna be the mentee right and you have a mentor You'd prefer to have like a would you rather have a coach someone like Tim's a bill or just a like a coach that coaches in a high school Or a college or a like experienced player who played like High level high school basketball or college basketball or pro basketball or something like that What do you mean like mentor just like someone who someone like for example for me I like I have Jackie right he was a college basketball player And it's I trained with him, but also I talk with him like About what I'm going through in basketball like every week or every twice a week So like what I'm thinking is like use there like meetings bi-weekly meetings or weekly meetings with the mentor To help you talk through like the everything you're going through that week reflect And like how to work through it. So which I feel like from what you said it feels like Sully a Sully type. Yeah, would be Yeah And then also the last thing is Would you ever be open to like helping out? I'm not asking you like to volunteer I'm asking like as a player Do you think? Someone of your archetype would also be open to like Volunteering or not volunteer like mentoring younger kids in this sense because we are like high school players, right? so Think about like a fifth grade kid because I know I was going through this stuff still when I was younger even though I'm still going through it now all the confidence issues and all that Yeah, and they keep going on at every level. So do you think You'd be open to like yeah, I don't think you open to it. Yeah, yeah and Who and then last thing if last three things to wrap it up do you have any other ideas of who awesome the team might be like dealing with this stuff? currently I've talked to Daniel jet and Jacob so far Anyone else you think I should I don't want to ask someone like I feel like you're like To be honest like more mature than some people some people might like think of it as a joke, you know, yeah, so I don't know Sure, I would say I don't know to further mentorship. I would I don't know but I think I definitely think Matthew is going I think he definitely gets himself himself any kind of I just starts egoing and like starts I think he's also upset that he's on shave around frost. Yeah, but I don't want to speak for him, but I think he definitely yeah That's issues as well. Okay, Matthew um and Is it cool if I follow up with you after I talk to a few more people? Yes, fine. All right cool. Thank you. See you tomorrow Or Monday. Yeah, yeah