Transcription of: sully.mp3
==================================================

 Thanks for calling me. Of course. So basically, like the project I'm doing, the idea is that I'm going to be connecting, like, experienced players or coaches with high school players and younger players as sort of mentors. I talk with some players from the team. You're actually a pretty big mentor for a lot of them. And yeah, but I'm just going to ask some questions from like a coach's perspective. I'm just trying to understand the mental aspect that you see players go through as well as you were a player in high school and you went through the injury stuff. So also just some of that. So yeah, I guess starting off with how you were as a player, in terms of the injuries, how did you deal with that mentally? And was there like a big effect? And how did you work through that? It was pretty bad, honestly. I think the first, the first one was probably, I would say the second one was probably the hardest, weirdly, because the first one I was like, oh, yeah, I can do this. Like obviously I'm missing a year, but then I got junior and senior year. But then once that second one came in, I was going to miss two years. So I had more angiolier. So I was obviously like hard and till eating and mic. Because I had made basketball such a part of my life. Like literally my entire family basically, all we do is either play basketball or watch basketball or talk. But then over time, I learned a lot of strategies to counter like a, in that community, like I've realized basketball is not just about playing like that energy like that. I get from it is not just playing it's not just in or on the game. So just trying to figure out how to do that in any way possible. Was it really good like coping short of mechanism? Was that like, is that when you started being interested in coaching and also like you started coaching that A team was that before the flash team or? Yeah, so I kind of first, first injury before this I get injury, I was not thinking about coaching at all because it was obviously like it's a year, but I was still thinking about just getting back to playing as fast as possible. But then second injury, that was kind of when I started thinking about coaching. I coached, so I coached last year, I coached the JV team with an adjusting and then this, and I did the A, just a season of. And okay, and like a lot of the coaches I've talked to, I've talked to Tim. So like and the other like JV coaches I've talked to, they say they like see players like have a hard time with transitioning. Whether that be from middle school to high school or from practice to games, do you see any of that? And like have you seen kids, even on our team deal with that and improve with that over time? I definitely see a lot of like confidence like over the season confidence that it's just been getting a lot better. But everyone and I've seen and it's not, it's almost unconscious. Like one of the things that Tim probably said this is like, you gotta realize that you are confident and that will boost, that will even boost your confidence even more so I think that. That like, yeah definitely. Like even, I would say less like transition from games or practice to games, but almost even more from like games to practice in terms of like staying focused and joy. Like I feel like with our team, we're doing so well that we bring that joy into practice and kind of that vibe stays throughout the whole. Yeah. And Tim says, Tim talked about like, he thought our team culture was actually, like it is positive in that aspect. And do you think that it's also negative, like in affecting some players' confidence because like some kids, including me or people would trash talk to me, like the culture is like, it's like honest in a sense but it's also like not as uplifting as some other teams I've been on. So do you think that you've seen that? I think the honesty is amazing. Like I think the only way that you truly like, it better is if you know what you're doing wrong because if you only know what you're doing, right, you're never gonna add anything. You're only gonna get better at what you know. And once people realize that you only know how to do one thing, it's bad, but in terms of culture, let's see, I should like, I'd call it through trash talk, hell. Yeah, like, I don't, I do think it's good, but there should definitely be some more like confidence, building, it might, the trash talk is fine, but then there's not enough hype as well. Specifically like practices, I feel like during games, the hype is amazing, but that's just because we're beating a team by 2030, 40, but like during practice, definitely some kids like specifically, are trash talking, but then not saying anything constantly. I think we've gotta have both, if you're gonna be a good team. And I think over the course of this season, I have kind of seen a trend of more trash talk, unless, yeah. For that, but that's also because you guys are closer to each other, like it's more, it's that trash talk is like friendly, and like your own trash talk, your friends like that. Yeah. And in terms of some other issues, I'm just gonna name them off and tell me if you see them or not. Do you see like, like skill plateaus, do you see kids who are going hard in practice? But like you said, that confidence has been rising in general, but do you see things where it's like it's been going down? And at all. I haven't really seen and overall season going down. I've definitely seen day to day, like people have had moments, like, I'd say I think Jacob's been in a shooting so I'm recently not having been making his frivolous, obviously Leo's crashed now a lot. Like, you and he like all the shooting kind of, it fluctuates a lot when you guys are shooting bad, you're shooting bad, you're shooting good, you're shooting good. Yeah. I think, yeah, I talked to Leo actually earlier today. Yeah, so his perspective is definitely like, he gets mad at himself, but also for upsetting his teammates. And I think he also said that, yeah, he's able to talk to you. And do you feel like players, I feel like players are able to, there's not much of a communication gap between you guys, between the players and you. Do they ever talk to you about like, role confusion at all, for minutes or anything like that? All the time. I don't know about, yeah, minutes is all the time. Role confusion a little bit, not like, I'll probably talk more about role confusion just in terms of like, but yeah, like Leo is obviously like, he was growing up as a, not a big man, but then he grew tall so we're making it kind of made into big hands. But also like kind of Joe, I talked to Joe a little about shooting more rather than just like, rather than just taking it to the basket, same with like, story shooting more and Daniel shooting more. Yeah. Yeah, I just see, there's got to be like, some just young confusion. Is that what it like? None of you guys, even the soft forest, like you guys, even me, I've seen on injured, but like no one really ever figures out or as a basketball player, like you're constantly changing, you're constantly getting injured or getting stronger or getting taller. Yeah, your family gets better. So you switched from a shooting guard to actually a point guard, like definitely over time, roles are gonna change in positions are gonna change. And I honestly think that's a good thing. And today's basketball world, because it is so positionless. And in terms of like, yeah, I agree. I feel like, yeah, like earlier, like I said, Leo was talking about, he had the transition was hard for him being like a small forward at three. And then now he's having to be a five, but yeah. And as you were growing up, did you ever have like issues with, but that and also did you ever have like a mentor that could help you through basketball? I know you have your older brother maybe or did you have like a coach specifically or something like that that you could just talk with personally for me, outside of like the UHS coaches, it's probably be Jackie. Yeah, yeah, definitely. That's I could face so many people. So I'll start with their role in future because that's easier. I was weirdly short, well not short, but like I wasn't tall until about six grade, but I was always a rebounder, which kind of I never really learned any point guard or shooting skills because I only wanted to rebound. Wow. Yeah. So until I actually got injured or kind of freshman year, I started to kind of shoot the ball a little more just because that was like, I grew up watching Steph. I was actually, we were on, we're on Frost. Yeah. Yeah, I grew up on, yeah, Frost. So like we were winning a lot of games on our line and I was just kind of trolling my coach like, oh, I can shoot, I cannot shoot back then. But that's what I got injured. I was like, oh, I'm probably not going to grow that much more. Like I'm six to, I might get to six five, but even that like I'd love to be a point guard. And that was my brother who actually told me to do that because he's a six six point guard to use like, I'm going to train you, we're going to be from point guards, like you're going to become a point guard shooter. And then see my PT is my physical therapist and is also my trainer for basketball, like my Jackie. Okay, yeah. And she's basically like the shot doctor is what you call it. So see basically fix my shot, my brother fixed my drivel. And over time, because I was injured like, I wasn't playing in games, so I was either training or just doing like I wasn't catching or anything. So I was training and I had a lot of mental issues just because I wasn't playing and like I had to figure out what I could just do with my life away from basketball. So I talked to my brother kind of had to figure that out too because he was out of college at that time and wasn't playing basketball anymore. And then same with my trainer, because he was like, yeah, we're going to try to get you to the MDA, like obviously all that talk, but then like that's the dream. You got to think realistically about everything else. So there was definitely a lot of people I can talk to kind of throughout my life that were from basketball. But I think over time sort of understood that like, yes, basketball was my life, but they needed to help you with everything else in my life more than they were helping me with basketball because I was going to help myself and I was like, basketball. Yeah, that's really good. Yeah. So last few things. Yeah. Do you think that yeah, it sounds like it'd be really, do you think like it would be helpful as a high school student to have something like that? I know you said it helped you a lot just in terms of like feedback for my idea. In my specifically, it would be like, it would be online. So it wouldn't be as much of like a trainer, like working on your skills. It would be more talking through the mental side of it. Like this, yeah. Yeah. I've had, I had a sports psychologist, first-moss sports psychologist. Okay. Years? I'm sure I kind of know it all that stuff. Yeah. Okay. And do you think there are any other people that you could like connect with that I could talk to or anyone that even I know already that you think I should talk to that like a player who struggles with this stuff or an experienced player? Yeah. I think I'll figure out, I'll think about who to connect to it. But I do think it's a great idea. I think there was the one law I would say is over time, I would at least stop thinking for myself if that makes sense. We were stopped what? Thinking for myself, like when I would talk to my sports psychologist, it felt like I was kind of just talking to him rather than thinking through stuff with him, like we were just, it was just like empty space, empty conversations. And that was, that's very different from like the brand of people who ended up being my mentors. Yeah. I really expected him to be my mentor, like all the people who I feel like the brand of mentors. Yeah. I know what I mean. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That's really helpful. I think even like, because some people just don't have that. Like I'm blessed that I was running my mentors. Like you have it, some people don't have that. So they do need to seek out some other form. So I think, yeah, I think it's a really good idea for your book. Because I talked to Tim about it. And you're like actually trying to put together a club and like the web site is. Yeah. He's here. Yeah, it's going to be like one component of like a website focused on sports mental health. And so like this is like the main part of it. And then also have like resources. But yeah, thank you. That's really helpful. Yeah. I just. I have a lot of people like, because you're also talking to main sports psychologists at UHS. Yeah. Okay. And then you should honestly like. I wouldn't do what we're doing with every single player, but I would like. Say something like a little comment about what you're doing. To like probably every single player. That's in the program. I would talk to all the coaches too. Because I obviously like I'm the young guy in the program. So I'm not going to be the guy who's going to connect you to everyone. The older the old heads are like if you get Randy Alex, all those guys. Yeah. And I'm sure they'll be one to help too. So yeah. I would I would talk to your friends first talk to the players. Talk to all those guys talk to if you can get out of the sports involved too. Maybe. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Of course. Yeah. I'll see you on Monday. See you on Monday. Yeah. Appreciate it. Good night. Yeah.