Transcription of: tim.mp3
==================================================

 Should I use names or what should I do? Should I say names? Well, basically, I've discussed for a few questions. Like in terms of patterns you've seen with people on your team, the first one is, have you seen things like transition shock where players aren't ready for high school and that's what causes confidence to crash? Have you ever seen that before? On our team, I have not seen students not be ready for sports in excess and not feel as confident. What I think I've seen is students lack confidence because they add in more pressure to themselves. And do you think like, they also, these players are like, they're grinding really hard, but they're still not like seeing results because of that. And they do think you've seen like motivation drop. And if you have examples, that's fine. I don't think I've seen motivation drop. I do think all of the students that's coming to my mind are grinding really hard. It's a translation thing where the students are not put in what they do in practice into play. Or they don't have the confidence because they've not planned enough basketball. They need to be playing basketball right now. I actually plan. Yeah, they need to be actually playing so that they can get the rhythm and the hang of things. I think it's muscle memory. So I've seen students who I know can do stuff that they're not even trying. And do you think you've also seen like have kids ever came and talked to you about playing time or like a role confusion at all? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All the students ask in about playing time because they want to know what they can do. I would say not role confusion so much because we really don't have any roles in like our basketball because the new age of basketball has no real role. But you just go out there and be able to play defensive threes, get rebounds, simple stuff. But playing time is a question that a lot of students is asked. We got 16 people on team and I would say not has asked about playing time. Including me probably at some point. Yeah. Like yeah. So I think of that as normal. So you don't think there's like at all communication gap with that right? You think that kids are comfortable coming to you? Do you ever feel like they're scared? I think that they are comfortable coming to me. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think they they scared. I don't think I'm done anything to impose like a intimidating thing. I feel like the students don't mind asking in about playing time to me. So in general, you feel like players aren't that generally what you've seen there aren't too scared to ask or advocate for themselves. I don't think players know how to advocate for themselves. Because this is fresh. A lot of them don't know how to advocate for themselves. Out of the not who's asked about playing time. Probably only three know how to advocate for themselves and has actually like. Say it's something. And say what they can do to show or like try to get something out the deal other people just mentioned it. Like okay, how can I get more play time? And I'm like, oh, that's a good question. Let's work on this and practice. So let me see you do this and those cut throws activities or little things that we do on our scrimmages so that I can make sure you know how to do this once you get in the game. Because I don't know if it's translate into the students or to y'all. Honestly, because I'm like, I'm struggling to see why our three different teams don't work. Because I feel like they're not working. And I'm like, in practice, we very competitive against each other. But when we take that saying three man team, I feel like any start and five that we choose is still better than the people that we plan and leak and is not showing. And I'm like, how does that happen? So that tells me it's more to like roast and like students knowing where they need to be. Like it's show why we have to do things the way that we're doing. Because when we give everybody the opportunity to show like y'all should go out here and run it up against like real quick. I'll give them which five we choose. Y'all should run it up. And then we tie. And I'm like, this doesn't make no sense. Yeah. How does this show up? Yeah, so I'm trying to figure that out myself. Yeah, maybe it's something to be said about like being scared about making mistakes. Do you ever see that? Or do you think like players and I hear players say, yeah, afraid to make mistakes? And I'm like, well, what's the worst that's going to happen? Yeah. Because we not the type of coaches that say, oh, you made a mistake. You get subbed out. That's not how we operate. If you make a mistake is because you've done something that we say, don't do that thing. Like shoot a me arrange. We don't shoot me here. Ranges. We shoot threes. Yeah. We run through the play. We try to get to the play. So if you get in subbed out, it's because you have it done those things. So it's not because you missed a shot of ball balanced off your foot. That's not how you get subbed out with us. And have you ever seen like a success story, like a player changed like how they purchased the game? Like you can tell if they were being more aggressive or they're doing all the right things. From a standpoint of a player that's on a team right now, yes. I've seen the kid come up to me and asked me, how come I'm not getting as much play in time? Or how can I give more play in time? And they are actually playing better. And what does it look like when that happens? Like what specifically is better about them? Confidence. Confidence. Yeah. That student's saying more confident. They're trying to engage where they can allow themselves to make mistakes. And I'm just the students who are not getting better out of ones who are afraid to make mistakes. And I'm like, you're never going to learn how to do anything if you don't want to make a mistake. Get out here and make as many mistakes as possible. That's the only way you're going to learn. But they so afraid because I don't know if it's like a pressure from their own peers because maybe the culture around how we do things at the school should be a little bit more. Our fresh team is least friendly out of all the different teams. But do you mean by that? We not as encouraging as the other teams. Varsity is more encouraging of mistakes. I agree. I agree. I agree. JV is more encouraging. And it's something about me building solid as lack. That's not allowing you all to be more friendly. And it could be personalities. So this problem could be displaced next year as you all move. It didn't really know that it comes from a few personalities. But you're all not as friendly and encouraging. It's fair to say about the team culture itself as well as the game culture. Yes. Okay. Yeah. That's what I'm seeing. That's also contributing to the confidence. Maybe has something to do with the players. Yeah. The players and their experience basketball. And how in frostbite might be a larger disparity in that, which may cause people to feel like. That's probably exactly what it is. Something else. But, secondly, the gap is not that large. It's not only with a few players. It's not that large. Yeah. Everybody on frost should be on frost. Yeah. Okay. So it's not that large. Yeah. It's slider. Gap. But I can see how some students might feel like it's bigger. Everybody on the team is equally as skilled. I would say we get three to four people as. Lower skill. Yeah. I had a 16. I agree. Yeah. And okay. So like in terms of my. My like solution concept. I was wondering. I have two approaches. Right. So either coaches could view this or experience pairs could view it as like volunteering. And helping out younger players. Or do you think it would be like if you were someone who is doing this. You think you'd be incentivized to like do it like paid approach or like. Like what would be what would. The servers have to convince you have to do to convince you to. Be a part of it. Yeah. It depends on the fidelity of which which you try to do. So imagine like you get. Assigned a player or you could also choose like match up with the player. And they also choose you. And it could be biweekly or weekly depending on the player's needs. And you meet with them and discuss their specific problems. Like even this would be helpful. Like even discussing one time with the coach can be super helpful. So discussing weekly with someone who's seen a lot of things. Do you think. Yeah. That's that's the idea. So me. I feel like it's something that we can easily do. It could be easily adaptable. It reminds me of like our PAs. PAs. It's almost like a P8 approach that I'm hearing you say. Yeah. So we can have some upperclassmen or some sophomores to the freshmen. Some juniors to the sophomores. Some seniors to the sophomores. Or are you thinking about varsity to JV, JV to Frosh? Because the JV to Frosh. There's it's. Yeah. It's I would I would only consider doing like. varsity players and also doing like. People who played in high school. Because on varsity who are now not playing. People who played in college. Or also just basketball coaches. And like you didn't you played. You played varsity obviously in high school. But you've also coached a lot of players and seen a lot of these issues. So that's it's just about having knowledge on how to like. Solve these problems with players. Yeah, actually. So yeah, like what do you think? I'm just trying to figure out how I can like. Get coaches to join what what would you think it would take for for you to join for example. Nothing. Nothing. But I guess. Yeah, that's not a thing for me. I think what you're trying to see is the buying in from other adults. Yeah. Yeah. To be honest. Anybody who loves sports will do this. This type of thing because they always want to be around sports and talk sports. So that can be easy. Now. I would say. Think of it how we think of like. Little leadership task or like the PA's or how. Alina has her student help group for her. Student training program. I would put this in the same type of category. Like who can be like students on campus or people on campus that we can go to for support. In situations that help make sure students are building confidence and have a healthy mentality towards. Plan sports. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah, that's what I would say. We should start there. So if I'm you I'm going to Anthony and I'm asking Anthony who is our sports psychology person that's on campus right now. You've got a program or project that you want to try to do. So see who we can get on campus and. What type of leadership we can get to help develop and mature other. Students on campus. That's what I would do if I was you. Okay. So in terms of other people to talk to just to finish it up. Anthony and ask about the psychology person. That sounds really cool. Yeah, because we got that person and you will fall directly under that person in this project. It can be a similar equivalent to like what Elena is trying to do with her. Okay. Trying in program. But I mean you'll be the person to create it. And in terms of other. Do you know any other coaches or do you recommend any players on the team to talk to. To learn more that you think would. Have valuable ideas. You said you talked to Jacob and you talked to jet. Yeah, I'm going to talk to Sully. Sully would be another person. And Jackie. Yeah, Jackie. You got to talk to Randy. Yeah, Randy and Alex. Get our Jays perspective. Also, if you want to, you know coach, you know Eric. Eric. Coach Eric. He's our physical train. What is it? I don't know what it's called. All our sports medicine person. He's going to be at the game today. He's a kind of a short Asian guy who stands behind the bench. Oh, yeah. Eric. Yeah, sports medicine for the girls. Yeah, Elena also. Elena. Because Elena can see like sometimes confidence come from a student's body or the person's body. They match trust and make legs because of an injury before. So that's a mental thing like them. What if I do this? I heard my lady. So Elena is somebody else. Okay. Eric is a good person. No, so much. I do this, but you worked with the NBA Climb on my professional vision. Good name. Coach Eric. Oh, coach Eric. Okay. That's cool. Yeah, I'm thinking for your teammates. Yeah. You guys are really responsible teammates that go to the people who you also feel are impacted by this stuff. Mm-hmm. Don't just talk to the people who got the composure. Go to the people who you know need support. Yeah, I definitely. I know what you mean because I avoided some people because I knew there would be like kind of more immature about it, but I guess they're. Yeah, so the immature people is different. Yeah. I'm saying the people who need the support. Yeah. You can identify who needs it. Yeah, right. Yeah, for sure. Right. So I would also get there opinions and air voice because that's what you are doing this for. Mm-hmm. All of y'all going to have different. Everybody on the team has a different entry point to this. So don't neglect the people who you know you need to get opinions from because they need to be represented in your data. Uh-huh. So I would say go to I could think of like three or four players. Yeah. I think maybe Daniel, I think, or you think of Daniel already? Daniel is one of the students who came to me and asked for some like why is he not playing enough time? Yeah. And Daniel to me has actually stepped it up a lot. Yeah. He's been cooking lately. I think I was thinking of Matthew. I think he'd be serious enough to do it. I know he's out there a lot. So I might also be helpful. You need a Matthew because of what you say. There's something going on. Yeah. Matthew. Matthew. Leo. Okay. Yeah. He's one person who I feel like is impacted like confidence because he got the skill to do the stuff. And there's all the tools. I feel like he that culture that I'm saying we need to build a little bit more intentionally to do about that. Yeah. That can impact him because I listen to the trash talk. Yeah. So you're Yusuf? Yusuf. You should talk to him. Yeah. Leo Yusuf. Matty Daniel. Matty Daniel. That's a good list. Yeah. All right.